This directory contains the ACT-R tutorial.  The purpose of 
the tutorial is to provide instruction on how to create 
models using the ACT-R software.  It assumes that one has 
some familiarity with the theory of ACT-R.  Thus, it is
recommended that before starting the tutorial one has read
other background materials to become acquainted with the
theory.  

Some recommended starting places would be the paper "An 
Integrated Theory of the Mind" available from the ACT-R 
website:

http://act-r.psy.cmu.edu/?post_type=publications&p=13623

or the book "How Can the Human Mind Occur in the Physical
Universe?".


The tutorial consists of several units, each focused on
a particular aspect of the architecture.  There is a 
separate directory for each unit which contains all of the 
files for that unit.  In each unit directory there will be 
two types of files: unit texts and model files.  The unit 
texts will be either Microsoft Word documents or PDF files 
(depending on where you got the ACT-R files), and the model 
files will be text files with a ".lisp" extension.  The 
primary text for each unit will be named "unit#" (where # 
represents the current unit number).  In addition to that 
there may be one or two other texts for a unit.  If there 
is a file named "unit#_exp" that document will describe the
Lisp code and ACT-R commands that implement the experiments
used in the models for that unit.  If there is a file named
"unit#_modeling" then that will provide additional 
information about using the ACT-R software and ACT-R 
Environment tools.
